[Confluent] Add new test flow and fix bugs (#3587)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/confluent/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

0.3.0
+++++

> * Remove `isRIRequired` and `msrp` in price of `az confluent offer-detail show`
> * Fix issue: could not create org with owner/contributor role through a SG assignment.
> * Compatible with PyJWT  1.7.1 and 2.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `az confluent offer-detail show`: Remove the properties `isRIRequired` and `msrp` from the output.
* `az confluent organization create`: Fix the issue that organization cannot be created with owner/contributor role through a SG assignment.
```
